the cheap games Xbox Live and PSN codes
check out g2a in description and use the
code echo a check out hey guys how you
doing my name is echo and welcome back
to another minecraft video this video is
actually interesting and it's in regards
to the history of Minecraft console
these are the features that we've never
had introduced or we've had removed over
the past and I'm hoping you do enjoy
this because at this current time I
don't have any news to share
börje have been very silent which is
normally a good thing and we do know
they're working on a brand-new master
pack but I'm pretty sure they're working
on things past that as well so if you
guys do enjoy a be shy bumps it up it
really does help me out so I have five
things I'm going to be sharing with you
number one is hardcore mode hardcore
mode is something I really do enjoy if
you don't know where it is you have one
life and one life only upon death you
can't get that world back the world is
deleted until you start a brand new
hardcore adventure now the only reason I
can think of how clever not being
introduced is to do with the host
options now when someone creates a world
it's all down to the host if the host
leaves the game the other players can't
continue it which means if the host did
die in hardcore mode the world would be
completely over I think this is the only
reason why it was never introduced which
again leads to adding servers or
actually having the option to keep your
world continued while other players can
still enjoy it even if the host isn't
online so that's number one hardcore
mode and I believe hardcore mode on PC
was introduced when adventure mode was
and we got adventure mode around the
bulb title update 19 so who knows that
it's gonna be introduced I hope so
we do have the Hard difficulty and we do
have the UHC style which means the only
way to regen your hearts is by golden
apples or by potions
number two actually comes up every
single update the number one question I
always get is in regards to command
blocks now command blocks are moddable
and accessible on minecraft Xbox 360
mean that you can mod them in the game
however they're not accessible in the
terms of typing commands in
now main console does have commands that
these commands are hidden and they are
as shown to us as like host options such
as disable rain sets porn etc we have
there a whole bunch of commands and I do
expect that list to grow however someone
did find on minecraft Xbox 360 in tu 25
4j introduced and BT tags this is the
ability to type in commands in a command
block during a command block whether it
be /summon whether it be for such at
spawn i don't know if this was linked to
them new commands but i guess it's
something we can kind of relate to so
yes command blocks are in the game
they're accessible to be modded well
they're not usable in terms of how they
are on PC minecraft number 3 actually
does link to number 2 and that is to do
with the undead horses again undead
horses are available on minecraft Xbox
360 Playstation 3 Xbox one ps4 if you
mod them in the game the big question is
why would 4j introduce two things to
Minecraft competition number one is the
undead horses and command blocks in
general number two why did voyagers
retexture all undead horses and all the
command blocks in every single texture
pack in every single mashup pack the
command block and the undead horses are
changed completely there's something
completely new so I don't know if these
are going to be introduced in the future
like I do talk about what I would like
them is an undead horse specific spawn
variant meaning meaning that it could
spawn and say one every 100 type of mobs
naturally in Minecraft again they're
accessible by modding but we want to see
them naturally in all versions of
Minecraft and not have to be via modded
abilities and zombie horses and the
undead horses I think are possible on
the greatest additions that have ever
been made in Minecraft so that is number
three number four is actually the most
interesting in today's video I have
actual proof that börje did remove the
void from minecraft console edition in
title update 4 or title update 5 as you
guys can see here in environment changes
they remove the void by making it
impossible to break the bottom / top
layer of bedrock now this left a lot of
mod makers are very very sad and that's
me strictly speaking to broadband
as a map creator entitled update 25 who
is hoping to see the introduction of the
void again now the void basically is
where you fall to your death and once
you break that last right layer of
bedrock a Minecraft console you can
remove this last layer of bedrock if you
do it by modding it however the last
layer doesn't kill you at all and you
don't fall continuously to your death
it literally means you fall on an empty
block kind of thing and I really don't
know why it wasn't removed I hope it
will be introduced again it would be
great for map makers what the mother
void is is when you go to the end for
example and you jump off or you get hit
off completely off the island and you
fall to your death when it instantly
kills you you've got no way of surviving
at all so they did remove the blade
there was no explanation as why they
removed it I don't if it was due to lag
or - due to internal stuff but yeah they
actually did remove the void in a very
old update the final one in today's
video the fifth one is actually to do
with the small limit of mine Capcom's
audition we actually have a spawn cap
and you will see in this video
once you spawn a number of animals you
can't spawn anymore without killing a
different mob now this is very
frustrating because on mine Kapaa
condition a minecart PC you can spawn
infinite amount of mobs which is
specifically good for XP farms however
on minecraft console edition it's very
limited but I did notice any nether if
you go to the nether the mob spawning
rate in the nether is ten times better
in the nether than it is in the
overworld I don't know if the nether
does affect the overworld but
specifically on Minecraft Xbox one and
PlayStation 4 I definitely think it's
able to cope with infinite spawning if
not definitely triple the amount of mobs
that we are able to spawn so I for this
video would be a little bit interesting
for you guys to kind of know a little
bit more insight on things that we don't
have that have been removed and overall
my big question is why aren't they there
why haven't they been added we've never
really had any in-depth discussion or
should I say in dev answers from Forge a
Microsoft or MOU showing maybe boy table
watch this video and think these type of
Fitchett features should be added or
should have already never been removed
so I'm gonna echo if you did enjoy it be
sure to thumbs it up be back later with
other Minecraft prisons episode have a
great day and I